# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
To be honest with you, I really thought that I conceptually had the hand of async in terms of async/await and the premise of try/catch in order to render objects without needed to hardcode all the data, and instead using the data inside an API. But when it came to the checkpoint, It felt like I learned nothing this week, I dont really know what happened to be honest with you, but if i were to identiify where I am strugling then I believe it to be of this. I'm having trouble distinguishing at times when I need to use an async function or a normal function within a controller / whether I need to put my async function inside or outside of the controller. Im pretty sure async functions sit outside the constructor since they never need to be called on load but im not sure when they go into the the class or not, because when I was trying to just manipulate data in my appstate that was already created in their with the API data I wasn't even able to accomplish getting an image background since the document.body.style.backgroundImage = "url('img_tree.png')"; but in my case instead of imgtree.png i had it set to a variable = to the arrayName.ImgUrl

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
I learned that maybe im not cut out for moving foward, and I should probably reconsider what I need to do in order to be successful.

- What are you struggling with?
I guess im struggling pretty heavy with learning how to manipulate data when trying to think of where I need to look for that piece of data I need. For example I struggle with parameters and arguments so I run into problems when trying to change a number on a scrren or chaange the styling of something. Not sure why it wont click, because I feel like im trying relatively hard and taking it seriously by tyring to be as involved as possible 

- What would you count as a victory?
  The fact that I didn't have a complete mental breakdown on sunday knowing I had 0/14 requirements. I didn't fulling quit since I sat grinding my head away at it almost all freaking day and night and morning. I also really enjoy async but I guess im just doing something wrong mentally and during the code. I try to code small miss small but all I feel like I do is miss and write complete trash in my vscode compiler.
