# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
  I enjoyed the aspect of back end this week. The pattern and naming convetions was really easy to follow along, and the fact that it mirrors async code made it that much better. There were times where I got totally stuck when creating the controllers and service out when it came to thinking of all the different relationships of the objects within the applications. Even though friday was a long azz day, it was really fun to work on it with the group and go through the trials and erros together.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
  Using postman, mongoDb, and auth0 was quite a surprise. I didn't think there would be so many externals parts outside visual code to be running a full stack application lol. Once I got used to the process of grabbing a bearer token and setting up my .env and env.js file it was pretty self explanatory. The only other difficult part would be learning the ins and outs of postman since your url call has to be exact and the code within the function needs to passing the right data.


- What are you struggling with?
  Right now Im struggling with timeblock since my time management is literally garbage and I find myself wasting a lot of time after I get home from school. If I just time block my time from 7-12 I should be able to do all the things I want. Instead I come home and take a break for who know how long and just diddle daddle around. Instead I should come home, finish my journal. Do an hour of my reading / videos and call it day. Except I dont do that and fall hella behind in my opinion


- What would you count as a victory?  
  The victory this week was getting closer to my peers and instructors this week at the hackathon and just learning from my mistakes. Plus it was cool to learn how to adapt when working with a partner, especially someone who is much smarter and proficient than me. I picked up a lot cool things from helping out Sam and learning to communicate with people working in the back end to make sure our data works.