# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?
-Well week one is over, and boy did it go by quick. I honestly have never been this intrigued on pushing my mind to its limits tyring to learn how to code. At times I feel like a failure, and yes I know that this isn't true, but I guess im not used to having to try my hardest to succeed when it comes to schooling since public schooling can be a joke at times. And at other times, I feel really good about myself after overcomign obstacles on my own (in the rare case it does). In conclusion, I guess that im enjoying the struggle. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
-Honestly, Bootstrap 5 even though it was information overload at first. Seeing what a computer can do with the write commands is quite incredible, since it feels like being a craftsman / tradesman and having the freedom of creation. 

- What are you struggling with?
-My greatest struggle atm is trying to remember what commands to use where, and how to properly format my code so it looks professional and clean. For example, ill be tyring to look all over bootstrap for a command to accomplish a goal, but realize that I just had to use some simple css, or using commands on the wrong element (wrong class ids for a column, row, container, etc). Its coming to me ever so slightly, but as of right now I would say that Im still a huge noobie at putting all the puzzle pieces together.
When it comes to formatting, I get conflicted at choosing between using a <div></div> or a <p></p> or an <h></h> etc etc

- What would you count as a victory?
- Honestly making it the first week without wanting to fully give up on myself. I haven't beent this challenged in a while so its taking a lot of will power to sacrifice other areas in my life to accomplish my task of graduating from this school. Plus making it past this weeks was a bit of a confidence booster even though this monday im prolly gonna get shredded by new concepts.
