# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
  This week was a rough one, just like last week was. I had a huge mental battle over the weekend and it made me struggle like hell during the checkpoint. However with the help of my mentors, I was able to just barely pass but Im not sure if it felt accomplishing since I feel like my portfolio by the end of this is going to be so f()king sad compared to my classmates. On a brighter note, me and my partner were able to finish our partner checkpoint on Friday which I felt like wasn't going to be done since I felt like a hinderance to my group. But maybe my perception of myself is false and I should be easier on myself, but considering all the factors Im torn and not sure

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
  I realized that writing a server is just not my expertise. I thought writing the server would be somehwat easy, but boy was I wrong. Thankfully Taylor got a lot of practice on it during the hackathon and allowed us to succeed. But again, we got it done so that was a shock to me since I was stressing hella

- What are you struggling with?
  Im struggling pretty hard with just about everything that has to deal with fullstack applications. Plus the fact my one to one relationship understanding is complete shite due to what I experienced during the partner checkpoint, Im pretty daunted by the many to many relationship that I have to due for this checkpoint. For example, im having difficulty with knowing when to use req.params.id or req.body.id etc etc. 

- What would you count as a victory?
  The fact im still alive and kicking for now. Just happy I was able to semi finsh the partner checkpoint.