# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

This week was quite difficult but adding javascript to our application is a lot more fun than a static webpage. During the checkpoint, I was able to meet the requirements but I was too afraid to try and implemenet recursion into my clickUpgrades and autoUpgrades since I have been having a really hard time with for loops. I also have a really hard time with getting stuck on someting and spending way too much time trying to figure it out. For example, I think I spend about 3 hours trying to get my set interval functions to work with my click upgrades. Im also making the mistake and just sitting in front of the computer for way too long and staying up wayyy to late at night to have normal brain function. I guess im in the period of trying to find that healthy medium between work and rest. I would say however, im feeling pretty meh in javascript since I didn't really implement much of the more abstract javascript functions like for in loops etc. But I think as time comes I will be better equipped as a 'coder'.



## Prompts
- What went well this week?
I mean I had a lot of fun getting exposed to the language of javascript and all the endless possibilities you can do with up. I had a good understanding to how the basics of functions work and the moving parts that go on under the hood, however when it came to actual writing of the code and computer logic i sort of struggles

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
I was shocked when I realize you could use functions to create a template of html elements on a page with one function. Another thing that was pretty shocking was the fact that javascript is freakkkkin harrrrd atm. But I really hope everything starts to click soon with more practice

- What are you struggling with?
As above, struggling on a lot of the for loops and the understanding of syntax

- What would you count as a victory?
I count the fact I got all the basics of my game to work, was a victorying in and of itself. But, I am definetly not good at java at this moment In time. I feel like i need to take another month of just java alone lol