# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
  In terms of things going well, on wednesday I was finally able to fully finish a lab without wanting to bash my head into a concrete cinderblock. It felt good, but in the reality of things I literally just copied code learned in class and had to change the keywords and formatting of certain things

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
Im finding MVC and MVC as a surprise because i didn't think that it would be this difficult. I thought i was going to be cool with javascrtipt, but as of right now I am not enjoying myself in the slightest. When i get home to finish my lab, i get stuck on a small problem for way too long, i get super frustrated which leads me to quit since my patience as an individual is low as all get up.

- What are you struggling with?
Im struggling with MVCS pattern. Im having a hard time trying to figure out where my functions go between the controller and the service. THe only thing that keeps me afloat at this point is reference code and guess and checks. Most of all though, Im struggling with wanting to keep moving fowards as I find myself constantly quitting and wanting to do anything but code since it leads to me being confused, frustrated in myself, and having low self esteem

- What would you count as a victory?
  As a victory, I guess I made it through week 3 almost even though im not finishing my checkpoint. Im feeling pretty down rn so im not really sure what id count as a victory at this point. Maybe the fact that im still here trying to learn and havent quit yet is cool. idk.